FEATURES.md, before:

# Features

_Note: Need to update to include the idea of showing all the books in a Series
Object. This means a detail view for series as well as books. So now we're
looking at a four or five view app as we'll want to separate capture from
Book Object Detail View as well. Capture view enables shooting a photo to
add a book to a collection. Capturing may create or extend a Series Object
and well as alway create a Book Event. The new list of views are: Capture,
Book Detail, Timeline, Summary, and Series Overview._

## Views

 Book Binder has three views: Detail, Timeline, and Summary. These views enable
 users to manage their collections at the book and series level as well as well
 as a chronological feed or a ordered list.

## Detail View

 Detail view enable the user to manage their books. Detail view is a sub-view of
 either the Timeline or Summary Views. The Detail View displays one book at a
 time and enables navigation between books of the same series.

### Book Object

 A book is a collectable object (it could be a magazine, comic book, novel,
 audio recording, album, DVD, etc...).

#### Book Properties and Actions

References

* <https://schema.org/CreativeWork> and specific types
* <https://schema.org/SocialMediaPosting> and specific types
* <https://schema.org/ItemList> and specific types
* <https://schema.org/Product> and specific types

* Identity
  * Title
  * Authors
  * Editors/Directors
  * Publishers/Producers
  * Distributors
  * Series
  * Unique ID (Library of Congress?)
  * Genres (general, comedy, drama, dramedy, fiction, non-fiction, science
    fiction, documentary)
  * Kind (book, movie, comic, magazine, journal, etc.)
  * Media Format (paper back, hard cover, CD, DVD, VHS, Blu-ray 4K HRD, etc.)
  * Photo
  * License (copyright, creative commons, open source, etc.)

* Dates
  * Date Published
  * Date Acquired
  * Dates Consumed
  * Dates updated

* Links
  * Previous Book
  * Next Book
  * Copies

* Commentary
  * Review
  * Reaction (love, hate, it's complicated)
  * Rating (0 to 4 stars)#### Book Actions

* Actions
  * Add
  * Update
  * Purchase
  * Rent
  * Consume
  * Delete
  * Duplicate
  * Share

## Timeline View

 The Timeline View is a chronological feed of Book Events based on update
 property dates. A Book Event can appear multiple times in the Timeline as it is
 added, updated, consumed, shared, or deleted. If these actions happen
 immediately one after the other then Book Events are aggregated so that the
 Timeline is not cluttered with duplicates. From the Timeline a user can
 navigate to either a series or a book (Summary or Detail Views).

### Book Event

 A Book Event is an record in the user's timeline of an action related to a book
 object. For example, an addition, update, purchase, deletion, or share of a
 book. Book Events are recorded based on the date of the action, the type of
 action, and its proximity to actions related to the same book object.

#### Book Event Properties and Actions

* Identity
  * Unique ID
  * Title
  * Kind
  * List of Book IDs (associate with event)
  * Index Value (location in Timeline)
  * Visible Flag

* Actions
  * Edit Visibility
  * Go to Book(s)
  * Go to Series
  * Share

## Summary View

The Summary View is a list of series that shows which books are collected and
missing. For example if the user is collecting Water Bottle Hero, which is a
series of 10 comic books. Summary view shows which issues are owned and
which issues are unowned. For series with more than ten issues Summary View
can be configured to show only a range of issues (such as the last 10).

Summary View enables the user to quick add the next issue to her collection as
well as add any missing issue.

Summary View also enables the user to navigate to a specific book.

### Series Object

A Series Object is a collection of Book Objects that extrapolates missing
books from the current collected books in a series. If there are four novels
in _Cat Wars_ and the user has read books one and and four, the Series Object
that represents _Cat Wars_ will infer that books two and three are missing.

A Series Object always assumes that a sequel, an additional issue, could be
published, and make is easy for the user to add that issue with a single
touch.

#### Series Object Properties and Actions

* Identity
  * Unique ID
  * Title
  * Kind
  * List of Collected Book IDs (associated with series)
  * List of Missing Book Index Numbers
  * Visible Flag

* Actions
  * Edit Visibility
  * Go to Collected Book
  * Add Missing Book
  * Add Next Book

Commit message:

Added UX for Summary, changed NOTE to TODO

FEATURES.md, after:

# Features

_TODO: Need to update to include the idea of showing all the books in a Series
Object. This means a detail view for series as well as books. So now we're
looking at a four or five view app as we'll want to separate capture from
Book Object Detail View as well. Capture view enables shooting a photo to
add a book to a collection. Capturing may create or extend a Series Object
and well as alway create a Book Event. The new list of views are: Capture,
Book Detail, Timeline, Summary, and Series Overview._

_TODO: Include the price paid and the estimated current value of a collected
book. Update Detail and Summary Views to report on costs and value. This
points to the need for an overview of the collection which could include it's
total count, cost, and value._

## Views

 Book Binder has three views: Detail, Timeline, and Summary. These views enable
 users to manage their collections at the book and series level as well as well
 as a chronological feed or a ordered list.

## Detail View

 Detail view enable the user to manage their books. Detail view is a sub-view of
 either the Timeline or Summary Views. The Detail View displays one book at a
 time and enables navigation between books of the same series.

### Book Object

 A book is a collectable object (it could be a magazine, comic book, novel,
 audio recording, album, DVD, etc...).

#### Book Properties and Actions

References

* <https://schema.org/CreativeWork> and specific types
* <https://schema.org/SocialMediaPosting> and specific types
* <https://schema.org/ItemList> and specific types
* <https://schema.org/Product> and specific types

* Identity
  * Title
  * Authors
  * Editors/Directors
  * Publishers/Producers
  * Distributors
  * Series
  * Unique ID (Library of Congress?)
  * Genres (general, comedy, drama, dramedy, fiction, non-fiction, science
    fiction, documentary)
  * Kind (book, movie, comic, magazine, journal, etc.)
  * Media Format (paper back, hard cover, CD, DVD, VHS, Blu-ray 4K HRD, etc.)
  * Photo
  * License (copyright, creative commons, open source, etc.)

* Dates
  * Date Published
  * Date Acquired
  * Dates Consumed
  * Dates updated

* Links
  * Previous Book
  * Next Book
  * Copies

* Commentary
  * Review
  * Reaction (love, hate, it's complicated)
  * Rating (0 to 4 stars)#### Book Actions

* Actions
  * Add
  * Update
  * Purchase
  * Rent
  * Consume
  * Delete
  * Duplicate
  * Share

## Timeline View

 The Timeline View is a chronological feed of Book Events based on update
 property dates. A Book Event can appear multiple times in the Timeline as it is
 added, updated, consumed, shared, or deleted. If these actions happen
 immediately one after the other then Book Events are aggregated so that the
 Timeline is not cluttered with duplicates. From the Timeline a user can
 navigate to either a series or a book (Summary or Detail Views).

### Book Event

 A Book Event is an record in the user's timeline of an action related to a book
 object. For example, an addition, update, purchase, deletion, or share of a
 book. Book Events are recorded based on the date of the action, the type of
 action, and its proximity to actions related to the same book object.

#### Book Event Properties and Actions

* Identity
  * Unique ID
  * Title
  * Kind
  * List of Book IDs (associate with event)
  * Index Value (location in Timeline)
  * Visible Flag

* Actions
  * Edit Visibility
  * Go to Book(s)
  * Go to Series
  * Share

## Summary View

The Summary View is a list of series that shows which books are collected and
missing. For example if the user is collecting Water Bottle Hero, which is a
series of 10 comic books. Summary view shows which issues are owned and
which issues are unowned. For series with more than ten issues Summary View
can be configured to show only a range of issues (such as the last 10).

Summary View enables the user to quick add the next issue to her collection as
well as add any missing issue.

Summary View also enables the user to navigate to a specific book.

### Series Object

A Series Object is a collection of Book Objects that extrapolates missing
books from the current collected books in a series. If there are four novels
in _Cat Wars_ and the user has read books one and and four, the Series Object
that represents _Cat Wars_ will infer that books two and three are missing.

A Series Object always assumes that a sequel, an additional issue, could be
published, and make is easy for the user to add that issue with a single
touch.

#### Series Object Properties and Actions

* Identity
  * Unique ID
  * Title
  * Kind
  * List of Collected Book IDs (associated with series)
  * List of Missing Book Index Numbers
  * Visible Flag

* Actions
  * Edit Visibility
  * Go to Collected Book
  * Add Missing Book
  * Add Next Book
