TODO.md, before:

#  TODO

## Open

- Need to update to include the idea of showing all the books in a Series
Object. This means a detail view for series as well as books. So now we're
looking at a four or five view app as we'll want to separate capture from
Book Object Detail View as well. Capture view enables shooting a photo to
add a book to a collection. Capturing may create or extend a Series Object
and well as alway create a Book Event. The new list of views are: Capture,
Book Detail, Timeline, Summary, and Series Overview.

- Include the price paid and the estimated current value of a collected
book. Update Detail and Summary Views to report on costs and value. This
points to the need for an overview of the collection which could include it's
total count, cost, and value.

- Models and metaphor confusion: Comicbook, book, and series could potentially 
all refer to the same thing; Book and issue likewise. Probably Comicbook and book
need to go. A book is an "owned" issue of a series and can just be renamed issue. A Comicbook
is an object with that contains a series and a list of associated books.

- Investigate http://www.coverbrowser.com Can I use these covers?

- Implement camera in detail view to take or use a photo of a comic book cover.
- Implement delete in detail view to remove a book from a series.
- Implement add in detail view to add a book to a series.
- Implement series view to view and edit a series.
- Implement add in summary view to add a book to a series.
- Implement add series action in summary view.
- Create a placeholder comic book cover for each of the major publishers plus an indy cover.

## In progress
- When returning to summary view from detail view the changes to a book should persist.

## Closed
- Rename ViewController to SummaryViewController.
- Remove edit mode management from summary view.
- Enable swiping between books in detail view.
- Enable swiping up and down between series in detail view.
- Hide toolbar when returning from detail view to summary view.
- URI now need to include slashes of missing parts: "publisher/title/era///" is the 
new series URI because of this. Probably need a series URI compare method so that
"publisher/title/era" is the same as "publisher/title/era///".

Commit message:

started - To create a BookBinder from a list of book URIs I need to encode the first and current issues. But there isn't much of a good reason for a book URI to carry that info around as it changes every time a new issue is published. In a large collection all the book URIs will need to be updated when a new issue is published which means book URIs are not stateless. In fact I should take the ownership field out of the the book URI as that is state that can easily change as well! A book URI at this point sould look like this "Publisher/Title/Era/Issue Number/Varient Letter". (Which was were I started!)

TODO.md, after:

#  TODO

## Open

- Need to update to include the idea of showing all the books in a Series
Object. This means a detail view for series as well as books. So now we're
looking at a four or five view app as we'll want to separate capture from
Book Object Detail View as well. Capture view enables shooting a photo to
add a book to a collection. Capturing may create or extend a Series Object
and well as alway create a Book Event. The new list of views are: Capture,
Book Detail, Timeline, Summary, and Series Overview.

- Include the price paid and the estimated current value of a collected
book. Update Detail and Summary Views to report on costs and value. This
points to the need for an overview of the collection which could include it's
total count, cost, and value.

- Models and metaphor confusion: Comicbook, book, and series could potentially 
all refer to the same thing; Book and issue likewise. Probably Comicbook and book
need to go. A book is an "owned" issue of a series and can just be renamed issue. A Comicbook
is an object with that contains a series and a list of associated books.

- Investigate http://www.coverbrowser.com Can I use these covers?

- Implement camera in detail view to take or use a photo of a comic book cover.
- Implement delete in detail view to remove a book from a series.
- Implement add in detail view to add a book to a series.
- Implement series view to view and edit a series.
- Implement add in summary view to add a book to a series.
- Implement add series action in summary view.
- Create a placeholder comic book cover for each of the major publishers plus an indy cover.
- When returning to summary view from detail view the changes to a book should persist.

## In progress
- To create a BookBinder from a list of book URIs I need to encode the first and current issues. But
there isn't much of a good reason for a book URI to carry that info around as it changes every time
a new issue is published. In a large collection all the book URIs will need to be updated when 
a new issue is published which means book URIs are not stateless. In fact I should take the ownership
field out of the the book URI as that is state that can easily change as well! A book URI at this point
sould look like this "Publisher/Title/Era/Issue Number/Varient Letter". (Which was were I started!)


## Closed
- Rename ViewController to SummaryViewController.
- Remove edit mode management from summary view.
- Enable swiping between books in detail view.
- Enable swiping up and down between series in detail view.
- Hide toolbar when returning from detail view to summary view.
- URI now need to include slashes of missing parts: "publisher/title/era///" is the 
new series URI because of this. Probably need a series URI compare method so that
"publisher/title/era" is the same as "publisher/title/era///".
